hey this is pressure Walker in this
sentence the number of occurrences of
the digit zero is blank of the digit one
is blank of the digit two is blank of
the digit 3 is blank of the digit 4 s
blank of the digit 5 is blank of the
digit 6 is blank of the digit 7 is blank
of the digit 8 is blank and of the digit
9 is blank the challenge is to fill in
the blanks with numerical digits so that
the sentence is true I'll give you a
hint
there are two solutions can you figure
them out give this problem a try and
when you're ready keep watching the
video for the solution
so we can solve this problem by guessing
we know that each digit occurs at least
once so let's just try saying that each
digit occurs one time we'll do this for
all the digits except the digit one now
let's count out the number of
occurrences of the digit 1 we have 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 10 so we can guess that the
digit 1 occurs 10 times but we now have
a problem with this sentence the number
10 involves the digit 1 so we now have a
total of 11 occurrences of the digit 1
so let's replace this value of 10 with
the value of 11 now when we do that we
have another problem
we've introduced another digit 1 so now
we have a total of 12 occurrences of the
digit 1 so let's replace this value with
12 when we do that we actually introduce
another digit 2 so we actually now have
2 occurrences of the digit 2 so let's
replace the value 4 2 to be occurring 2
times when we do that we've removed one
of the occurrences of the digit 1 so the
digit 1 now appears exactly 11 times and
when we do that it turns out we've
stumbled across a solution everything in
this sentence works out and this
sentence is true this is a solution of
the puzzle so the digit 1 occurs 11
times the digit 2 occurs 2 times and
every other digit occurs one time so
we've come across one solution how do we
find another we'll just make an educated
guess the digit 1 occurs 11 times and
that's a two-digit number let's try and
see if we can get
we can avoid double-digit numbers and
let's suppose it just appears nine times
so we'll place the value of eleven with
nine so where does this guess take us
well the first thing is that now the
digit nine occurs two times so we're
going to say the digit nine occurs two
times and we'll replace that value we
now have the digit two occurring three
times in this sentence so let's say that
the digit two should have a value of
three when we do that we now have the
digit 3 occurring two times so let's
replace this line with the value of two
this brings us back to our three
occurrences of the digit two so
everything looks good except for one
problem if you count out the number of
occurrences of the digit one we now have
only seven occurrences because we've
replaced a couple of occurrences of the
digit one with the values of three and
two so we'll replace the value of nine
to be seven and now we have two
occurrences of the digit seven and this
replaces the two occurrences of the
digit nine so we can swap the values for
the lines of seven and nine and when we
do that we actually stumble across
another solution everything in this
sentence is accurate there are seven
occurrences of the digit one the digit 2
occurs three times the digit 3 occurs
two times and the digit 7 occurs two
times and everything else occurs one
time so in summary we have two different
solutions this is one solution of the
puzzle and this is another solution did
you figure out the answer thanks for
watching this video please subscribe to
my channel I make videos on math and
game theory you can catch from my blog
mind your decisions which you can follow
on Facebook Google
and patreon you can catch me on social
media at pressure Walker and if you like
this video please check out my books
there are links in the video description